Eight sentenced in France for actions that led to teacher beheading - BBC.com

An Italian court is due to decide on Wednesday whether to block the trial of a French teacher convicted last month for the murder of two students, including a 10-year-old boy.

French prosecutors on Tuesday refused to seek a retrial after a judge ordered the release of nine suspects.

Prosecutors have said the nine would be held in solitary cells, with the other nine held in a maximum-security room.

Murdered and tortured

The teacher, who has been held in custody for over three years, was shot dead in the head in February 2014 in a Paris suburb.

The trial has been suspended and the teacher will be sentenced to three years in prison by a French judge on Wednesday.

French prosecutors, in their statement, said they have taken a "strategic approach" to stop the trial because of "the urgent need for justice".

They said the judge's order would also "limit the possibility of a successful retrial".

French authorities say the death of the first victim was the result of a "troubling situation" in the classroom. They said the teacher was shot in the face and was being treated on the spot.

The teacher's family has said he was tortured and beaten so severely that he was unable to walk.

The BBC's Marise Dour in Paris says the case has created a "new atmosphere" in the country.

'We will not be able to get him back'

In July, a jury convicted the teacher, who had been teaching at a school in the city of Toulouse for almost 15 years, of killing his 12-year-old pupil in a classroom.

The court heard that the teacher had been a pupil at the school for at least three and a half years and had been "in the midst of his work" when the shooting took place.

The prosecutor's statement said the teacher had been "unable to walk or run", and had lost consciousness.

The school, located outside Paris, was closed for two months, and the teacher was arrested in 2009 after a police investigation.

Murdered and tortured

The case is still under investigation by France's national prosecutor, but French prosecutors are due to announce their decision on Wednesday.

In