Air strike kills senior Hamas official in Gaza - BBC.com

An Israeli airstrike killed a senior Hamas official in Gaza.

The U.S. military said US Special Forces on Sunday night launched a single round of air strikes in response to the shooting death of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who was shot dead on Tuesday morning by a rocket fired from Gaza.

A senior official told NBC News that the strikes were targeted specifically at the official, who was being held in a Palestinian detention center.

Israel says the rocket killed Netanyahu, a political prisoner who served in the Israeli army for 15 years.

The military spokesman also said the strike could not have been launched from inside Gaza, where militants are now holding over 100,000 Palestinians.

The Israeli government says that it has no idea what caused the rocket to hit Netanyahu. But it has denied the claim.

The Palestinian Islamist group Hamas says that the decision was driven by an attempt to stop the rocket fire.

The U.S. military said that a single strike in response to the attack was conducted with "a minimum of risk to the lives and safety of the people of Israel."

One of the officials is the head of the Palestinian Authority's military wing, the Hamas-linked al-Tawhid Brigade, which is also involved in terrorism.

In a statement, the Hamas-affiliated al-Tawhid Brigade said: "The attacks of the U.S. Special Forces at the al-Khalifa Air Base in Gaza have been prevented because of the fear of terror, and they will not lead to a change in the security of the people of Israel."

The statement said that the attack's target was a senior Hamas official "who was killed and severely wounded in the attack."

The statement was released on behalf of the Palestinian Authority, which has said that the attack was not carried out by militants.

The Israeli statement said the strike was conducted with a "severe risk of the lives and safety of the people of Israel."

Netanyahu had been due to address the U.S. Congress later today in Washington.