Netflix raises prices for all US plans. Here's what to know. - ABC News

In a statement, President Obama said that the White House does not believe that it is responsible for any of the cost of a new national broadband network, such as the $5.5 billion that went into the purchase.

"The president's comments are consistent with the administration's commitment to the American people to maintain broadband access for all Americans," Obama said.

"We will continue to invest in our existing and future broadband infrastructure, including our new $5.5 billion plan, which will provide faster, more affordable, and faster Internet access to millions of Americans."

The move was part of a broader effort by the White House to reduce costs by cutting costs for consumers, and to spur investment in the future.

The cable and wireless industry is in the midst of a $25 billion investment in broadband and other infrastructure, a move that will cut costs for the companies, the White House said.

The White House said that the $5.5 billion purchase is part of a larger $4 billion initiative spearheaded by President Obama.

The announcement follows the decision by the federal government to cancel the $2.1 billion purchase of Comcast Corp's video streaming service, which will cost consumers $5.5 billion in the next three years.

A separate effort by the White House to reduce costs for consumers, including the $1 billion cost of the $6 billion purchase of Time Warner Cable, was announced by the White House on Friday.

The Obama administration had already announced last year that it would shut down the TV streaming service for two years, but it will now give back $8 billion in funding over two years.

"This action brings our broadband infrastructure to a new low," the White House said in a statement. "We will continue to invest in our existing and future broadband infrastructure, including our new $5.5 billion plan, which will provide faster, more affordable, and faster Internet access to millions of Americans."