Virus season roars back with "quad-demic" of illness - Axios reports.

The virus has been blamed for the deaths of at least 22 people in the United States each year.

"I think that's more than a bunch of different viruses trying to kill us all," said Dr. Joseph Stiglitz, who works with the National Institutes of Health.

"It started out with viruses that were going to go into the human brain and spread through it. And then there was people who got sick at the same time, people who just didn't get sick at all. We've got a lot of cases where people get infected with this virus, and it's just a bit of a mess, and we need to do more tests to try and prevent that."

Stiglitz said that while the CDC has been investigating this virus for more than five years, the most recent tests were conducted in 2008.

The new strains of the virus were found in a lab in Hawaii and in a patient's blood, which could have been contaminated with the virus.

Dr. John DeWitt, chief of the infectious disease division at Mayo Clinic in Rochester, Minnesota, said that although the virus was only found in a small number of people, it is still very dangerous.

"People who are infected with the virus are not going to be able to travel. They will have a short period of exposure to this virus. They'll be sick," he said.

When it comes to the virus's impact on the world, Dr. Stiglitz said that it is not clear how severe the effects will be.

"It's very difficult to predict the extent to which this virus will be passed on to people," he said.

"You can't prevent it entirely. You can't do everything at once, and there may be a few cases that get worse and worse with time. The chances of it getting worse and worse is very small."

He also stressed that the virus is not a threat to humans, but has been very hard to control.

"We see that with most vaccines we have that it's very difficult to control the virus, and if you're going to try to control it, you have to stop it," Stiglitz said.

And he said that in some cases, it might even be dangerous.

"At the end of the day,