Vance meets with leader of far-right German party, exports MAGA message - The Washington Post)

German Chancellor Angela Merkel says there are "no illusions" that Germany will accept more refugees, but she says the number is "too large." (The Washington Post)

German Chancellor Angela Merkel said Wednesday that the number of refugees fleeing war in Iraq and Afghanistan "is too large," but that the number of refugees fleeing terrorism should not be underestimated.

"If we say this is too large, that's a bad thing. It's an exaggeration," Merkel told reporters at a news conference.

"And if we say it's too small, it's not true. It's not true in our opinion."

Merkel wants to increase the number of refugees fleeing the conflict in Syria and Iraq in order to help stabilize the region.

"We will try to solve the problem of refugees first, and that's not possible for the refugees," she said.

German Chancellor Angela Merkel says there are "no illusions" that Germany will accept more refugees, but she says the number is "too large." (The Washington Post)

Germany's Merkel's statement came after a parliamentary question Thursday, and she called on the chancellor to address the refugee crisis.

"The need for unity is real and urgent," Merkel said. "The numbers are too large. I want to assure you that our nation will handle the problem with our utmost care."

Merkel urged the government to work with the refugees to help them find safety in Europe and seek a solution to the crisis.

"In the short-term, we want to help them find safety in Europe and we want to help the refugees with the help of refugees," Merkel said. "We want to help those in need. We want to help them with the help of refugees."

Merkel said the government is "committed" to assisting the refugees.

U.S. President Barack Obama has called for a "full and unequivocal" refugee resettling program in Europe, and Merkel called on the government to take action.

The European Union is due to meet Friday on a plan to make it easier for asylum seekers to cross the Mediterranean.