Trump loses appeal in $5 million E. Jean Carroll defamation, sexual abuse case - The Washington Post 3/4/2017 6:13:35 AM ET Wed, 13 May 2017

A judge has ruled that a jury could find that a former employee of the company, former Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly, violated the company's civil rights by writing a blog post accusing him of sexual harassment.

The lawsuit filed Monday in Manhattan federal court alleges that O'Reilly, 39, had written a blog post accusing O'Reilly of sexual harassment in which he described women he had worked with as "fat pigs" who appeared to have been "flirtated."

The writer, who was not named, first contacted O'Reilly after leaving the Fox News network in 2010. O'Reilly was fired in 2011 after a video surfaced of him sexually assaulting a woman.

O'Reilly had sought the damages from the women.

The $5 million judgment against O'Reilly says the lawsuit was based solely on the claim of "unreasonable conduct" that O'Reilly made, which he could not prove.

Under New York law, the judge ruled that O'Reilly was entitled to a new trial after a jury found that the alleged harassment was "unreasonable."

A hearing was scheduled for Jan. 26, and a jury must decide the case in March to determine if a new trial is appropriate.

The judge also found the lawsuit "unnecessary, capricious and unjustifiable."

The lawsuit says that O'Reilly made the complaint because he was dissatisfied with the quality, accuracy or completeness of the claims made by O'Reilly, "which he alleged were defamatory and in violation of his employment contract with the company."

The judge also said O'Reilly "promptly and without cause of action made the plaintiff's actions, including those of his employees, and that he was not aware of any violation of his employment contract with the company."

The judge also said that O'Reilly did not disclose the alleged harassment to any of his employees or the company.

A spokesman for the company did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

As the lawsuit was filed, Fox News' chief of staff, John W. Shine